Support multipart/form-data submission stubbing (#84)
Pioneer-Valley-Books/rails-response-dumper: CHANGELOG.md

- Running `rails-response-dumper` with no arguments now limits discovery to
  `*_dumper.rb` files instead of all `*.rb` files.

> - Add support for attaching files in ("multipart") form submissions. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for attaching files in multipart/form-data requests. The
```
